STREAMS-2211 doc(publisher-http-poller) add ComputedQueryParameters section in config (#121)
Axway/streams-open-docs: content/en/docs/publishers/publisher-http-poller.md

| retryBackOffInitialDuration   | no        | PT1S           | Period after which the first retry is attempt (ISO-8601 format).  Min = PT0S (0s) ; Max = PT10S (10s) |
| retryBackOffMaxDuration       | no        | PT10S          | Period max between two attempt (ISO-8601 format). Min = PT0S (0s) ; Max = PT60S (60s) |
| retryBackOffFactor            | no        | 0.5            | The factor used to determine the next retry duration |

> | computedQueryParameters       | no        | none           | Map of ComputedQueryParameters that will be injected as query parameters. The key which is the *query param name* must use URL-safe characters, see [Unreserved Characters](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2396#section-2.3) section of RFC-2396 for more information.

Reviewer: I would add a link to the dedicated section here in the description

        "pollingPeriod": "PT5S",
        "headers": {
            "CustomHeader": "value",
            "CustomHeader2": "value1,value2"
            
        },
        "retryOnHttpCodes": [500,503,504],
        "retryMaxAttempts": 3,
        "retryBackOffInitialDuration": "PT1S",
        "retryBackOffMaxDuration": "PT10S",
        "retryBackOffFactor": 0.5,
        "computedQueryParameters": {
            "computedQueryParam1": {
              "type": "date-time",
              "reference": "last-success",
              "pattern": "yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ss"
            },
            "computedQueryParam2": {
              "type": "timestamp",
              "reference": "last-success",
              "useMilliseconds": true
            }
          
        }
    }
  }
}
```

### Computed Query Parameters

Computed Query Parameters are query parameters injected to the target URL at each polling based on given *reference*. Available references are:

> | Reference         |  Description    |

Reviewer: Table should be organized as the configuration

| ------------------| --------------- |
| last-success       | Instant corresponding to the last successful request execution |

A reference can be then formatted into different formats:

#### DateTime formatted query parameter

Format the reference value in a dateTime pattern format. The Pattern used must follow the [Java documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/11/docs/api/java.base/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#patterns)

> | Type         | Optional Parameter   |  Description    | default value |

Reviewer: Table should be organized as the configuration

| ------------ | -------------------- | --------------- | --------- |
| date-time     | pattern              | Pattern used to format the reference   |  yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ssXXX  |

**Example:**

To dynamically add a `from` query parameter to the target URL based on the **last successful** request reference, in the following format `yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ss` add the following computedQueryParameters config:

```json
{
  "name": "myHttpPollerTopic",
  "publisher": {
    "type": "http-poller",
    "config": {
        "url": "https://myserver/my-api",
        
        "computedQueryParameters": {
            "from": {
              "type": "date-time",
              "reference": "last-success",
              "pattern": "yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ss"
            }
            
        }
    }
  }
}
```

The resulting target URL will look like this: `https://myserver/my-api?from=2021-09-22T09:56:09`

#### Timestamp formatted query parameter

Format the reference value in a timestamp format.

> | Type         |  Optional Parameter  |  Description    | default value |

Reviewer: Table should be organized as the configuration

        "pollingPeriod": "PT5S",
        "headers": {
            "CustomHeader": "value",
            "CustomHeader2": "value1,value2"
            
        },
        "retryOnHttpCodes": [500,503,504],
        "retryMaxAttempts": 3,
        "retryBackOffInitialDuration": "PT1S",
        "retryBackOffMaxDuration": "PT10S",
        "retryBackOffFactor": 0.5,
        "computedQueryParameters": {
            "computedQueryParam1": {
              "type": "date-time",
              "reference": "last-success",
              "pattern": "yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ss"
            },
            "computedQueryParam2": {
              "type": "timestamp",
              "reference": "last-success",
              "useMilliseconds": true
            }
          
        }
    }
  }
}
```

### Computed Query Parameters

> Computed Query Parameters are query parameters injected to the target URL at each polling based on given *reference*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Computed Query Parameters are query parameters injected to the target URL at each polling. Theay are based on a given *reference*.
```

| Attribute  | Mandatory | Value  | Description            |
| ---------- | --------- | ------ | ---------------------- |

> | reference  | yes       | last-success | name of the reference used  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| reference  | yes       | last-success | define the reference of the computed timestamp |
```

> Available references are:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The available references are:
```

* **last-success** : Instant corresponding to the last successful request execution

A reference can be then formatted into different formats:

> #### DateTime formatted query parameter

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### DateTime format
```

> Format the reference value in a dateTime pattern format. The Pattern used must follow the [Java documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/11/docs/api/java.base/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#patterns)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Format the reference value in a dateTime pattern format. It must follow the [Java DateTimeFormatter Pattern](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/11/docs/api/java.base/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#patterns)
```

| Attribute  | Mandatory | Value  | Description  |
| ------------ | -------------------- | --------------- | --------- |
| type         | yes | date-time     | Reference will be formatted in a *dateTime* format |
| pattern      | no  | yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ssXXX | Pattern used to format the reference   |

**Example:**

> To dynamically add a `from` query parameter to the target URL based on the **last successful** request reference, in the following format `yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ss` add the following computedQueryParameters config:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To dynamically add a `from` query parameter to the target URL based on the **last successful** request with the following format `yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ss` add the following computedQueryParameters config:
```

```json
{
  "name": "myHttpPollerTopic",
  "publisher": {
    "type": "http-poller",
    "config": {
        "url": "https://myserver/my-api",
        
        "computedQueryParameters": {
            "from": {
              "type": "date-time",
              "reference": "last-success",
              "pattern": "yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ss"
            }
            
        }
    }
  }
}
```

> The resulting target URL will look like this: `https://myserver/my-api?from=2021-09-22T09:56:09`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The resulting target URL polled will look like this: `https://myserver/my-api?from=2021-09-22T09:56:09`
```

#### Timestamp formatted query parameter

> Format the reference value in a timestamp format.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Format the reference value as a timestamp.
```

> | Attribute       | Mandatory | Value  | Description  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Attribute       | Mandatory | Default Value  | Description  |
```

| ------------    | -------------------- | --------------- | --------- |

> | type            | yes | timestamp     | Reference will be formatted in a *timestamp* format |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| type            | yes | timestamp     | Reference will be formatted as a *timestamp* |
```

| useMilliseconds | no  | false | If true, format timestamp in milliseconds, otherwise in seconds   |

**Example:**

> If you want instead to format a query parameter using a `Timestamp` format replace the configuration by:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To add a `from` query parameter to the target URL based on the **last successful** request timestamp as a timestamp add the following computedQueryParameters config:
```
